Minor fixes in pattern-syntax (#829)
returntocorp/semgrep-docs: docs/writing-rules/pattern-syntax.mdx

## Ellipsis operator

The `...` ellipsis operator abstracts away a sequence of zero or more
items such as arguments, statements, parameters, fields, characters.

> The `...` ellipsis can also match any single item that's a not part of a sequence
> when the context allows it.

Author: ```suggestion
The `...` ellipsis can also match any single item that is not part of
a sequence when the context allows it.
```

The YAML `|` operator allows for [multiline strings](https://yaml-multiline.info/).
:::

> The ellipsis operator can match the function name.
> Match any function definition: Regular functions, methods, and also anonymous functions (such as lambdas).
> To match named or anonymous functions use an ellipsis `...` in place of the name of the function
> For example, in JavaScript the pattern `function ...($X) { ... }` matches

Author: ```suggestion
The ellipsis operator can match the function name.
Match any function definition: 
Regular functions, methods, and also anonymous functions (such as lambdas).
To match named or anonymous functions use an ellipsis `...` in place of the name of the function.
For example, in JavaScript the pattern `function ...($X) { ... }` matches
```
